So on the front end we got a couple of pages and namely when we open the app when we just visit this
Web site for the first time we are on my cool page dot com slash nothing.
What should be visible on this starting page.
Well I want to show a list of users there.
So does list of users where we can click a user to then be taken to the places of that user.
Speaking of that we need a route.
And now these are all front end routes which are interpreted by react or to be precise.
A library that supports routing and react and which will not be interpreted by our backend.
So we also want to have a route data on the front end for some dynamic user I.D. which we don't know
in advance slash places which should load all the places for debt specific selected user.
I also want to have a slash authenticate or slash off route which shows us a page that holds the sign
up and log in the forums between which we can toggle and also slash places slash new route which shows
us a new place for it.
In addition we need a slash places slash someplace idea route which leads us to the page where we the
update place forums so where we can enter the new data forest select a place.
Now on the front it's not all pages are visible all the time.
The list of users is always reachable and so is the list of places for a selected user.
These are always reachable no matter if we the visitor off this page are logged in or not.
The only difference is that when we're reviewing the list of places one we're not locked in or if we
are logged in but we didn't create the places we're looking at will not see the edit and delete buttons
will only see those if we are logged in.
And where do creator of a given place.
Now if we are trying to authenticate this page should only be reachable if we're currently not authenticated
because if we are authenticated it makes no sense to try to log in again.
We already are logged in after all.
Now for a new place and up that place it's the opposite.
These pages these front end routes should only be reachable by users who are authenticated.
So who did log in or who did just sign up and these will be our front and pages.
Now you don't need to memorize all of what we walked through in this module.
Instead I hope that this module just helps you plan your next project.
We will now go ahead and implement all these different things step by step into different modules of
this course.
This is just our general agenda.
And with that we're well-prepared to start working on the real code.